♪♪
It's this weekend.
Lucas hasn't asked me
to the semi-formal.
We're riley and lucas,
aren't we, maya?
I don't know anymore.
Just tell me what to say.
It's all over
the front of my notebook.
"riley hearts lucas 4-ever."
What's on the back
on your notebook?
"riley and lucas,
we're just friends."
Sweetie, what are
you doing to yourself?
It's this weekend,
and lucas hasn't asked me
to the semi-formal.
Told ya.
You got a problem.
You did? Have i brought
this up before?
It's 10 months away,
why hasn't lucas asked me
to the semi-formal?
Cory: Aah!
There's nothing but time.
He doesn't ask you by
the week before,
i'll look at you like this,
And say, "you got a problem."
Stop planning your life
so far in advance.
I'm not.
When the time comes,
i want my ashes scattered
over--
Lucas. Is it lucas?
Yeah, i know.
It's five months away,
why hasn't lucas asked me
to the semi-formal?
♪ duh, da-da, da-da, duh ♪
(slams)
Cory: Aah!
There's nothing but time.
He doesn't ask you by
the week before,
i'll look at you like this,
And say, "you got a problem."
You know, you look
at me like that a lot.
Well, you got a lot
of problems.
I do.
Yes, riley,
you've had problems before,
But you haven't had
a lucas problem until now.
Cory: Aah!
Why does he keep
doing that?
Lockers, blackboard.
Chalk,
chalk dust.
Your daddy.
How long you gonna
keep doing it?
Till he comes out.
Okay, i'm done!
(theme music playing)
♪ i've been waiting ♪
♪ for a day ♪
♪ like this to come ♪
♪ struck like lightning ♪
♪ my heart's beating like
a drum ♪
♪ on the edge ♪
♪ of something wonderful ♪
♪ face to face with changes ♪
♪ what's it all about? ♪
♪ life is crazy ♪
♪ but i know ♪
♪ i can work it out ♪
♪ 'cause i got you ♪
♪ to live it with me ♪
♪ i feel all right,
i'm gonna take on the world ♪
♪ light up the stars,
i've got some pages to turn ♪
♪ i'm singing "go-o-o" ♪
♪ oh, oh, oh, oh ♪
♪ take on the world,
take on the world ♪
♪ take on the world ♪
♪ take on the world,
take on the world ♪
♪ take on the world. ♪
Semi-formal coming up.
Young men
and young women interacting.
Mixing in a social situation.
So, to avoid any casualties,
I thought we could
discuss etiquette.
Can anyone here tell me
what etiquette is?
No, you can't.
Etiquette is treating people
politely and with respect.
Maya and i will demonstrate
in a short play we put on
before every dance.
It's called, "no."
Miss hart, would you do me
the great honor
Of accompanying me
to the semi-formal festivities?
No.
-Etiquette.
-Thank you.
We'll see you at the holidays
for "a christmas no."
(applause)
Okay, so...
The school board
sent me this film.
It's called,
"he asked me, he asked me,
he really asked me."
This is supposed to teach us
how to act at the dance?
They sent it. I'm showing it.
You're animals.
Oh, there's a dance,
and you're planning
to attend this dance
That you never mentioned
in my general vicinity,
that dance?
Actually, i wanna talk
to you about that--
Go on.
Psst. Talk after class.
Have you no sense
of anything?
Nope. Let's watch.
Oh, what's this here?
Well, enjoy the old-time
picture show.
Well, if it isn't
our old friend, billy.
Last time we saw you, billy,
You were teaching us that
our bodies go through strange
and horrifying changes.
Uck.
But today, we're here to talk
about the biggest night
in a young person's life.
The semi-formal.
Billy's been looking forward
to it all year.
Isn't that right, billy?
Whoa, whoa, whoa,
slow down, billy.
Because you know who hangs out
at dances?
Your old friends polio,
typhoid, and the devil.
He's mean.
Now, let's meet
your best gal, sally,
Who, since you're a gentleman,
you asked to the dance at least
10 months in advance.
(bell dings)
Billy gets it.
Billy's dead, and all of his
friends are dead too.
Except one. No, wait,
now he's dead too.
It does seem like relationships
are a little more complex now
Than they were in the 1950s.
I just wanna be asked
to the dance.
-You wanna go to the dance?
-No.
Oh, you've seen my play.
Meet sally.
She's a good girl.
Sally's dreaming of her
handsome prince sweeping
her off her feet.
Did he ask you, sally?
He asked me, he asked me!
He really asked me!
You and me, sally.
Front of the notebook, baby.
Because everybody knows
The semi-formal is the dance
that determines the rest
of your life.
Oh, there's nothing like
a beautiful gown that
makes you feel
Like you're in
a beautiful gown.
How you enjoying
the picture show, sally?
Life is so much simpler
in black and white.
Look how billy holds the door
open for sally
So she won't develop
unsightly arm muscles.
Now that's etiquette.
(bell dings)
Yikes.
Okay. So,
can anyone here tell me
If they possibly
learned anything
from that?
Yes. Time to make
some choices, billy.
Simple enough
for you, billy?
(knocking)
Stand aside, underpants.
Underpants?
You're the brother
of a senator now.
Security issues.
That's your codename.
Underpants!
Yeah.
As a new senator,
i need protection.
I'm not sure
if you're aware of this,
There's a lot of people
out there that'd like
to do me harm.
And in here.
Plus, ever since i was elected,
Some guy's been stalking me.
He's there.
Oh, he's walking through
the oorway-day.
Agent lachance, sir.
Secret service.
I'm assigned
to senator matthews'
security detail.
Wait, you are?
Why didn't you tell me?
I've told you
several times, senator.
I keep saying
"secret service,"
You keep saying,
"i'll have the hummus."
And i never got
my hummus.
I'm not room service,
i'm secret service.
I haven't eaten
in three days!
I'm sorry you got
stuck with him.
Actually, he's the smartest
senator i've ever worked with.
Ask him why
he's here...
Underpants.
I'll play along.
Why are you here?
Senate resolution 328-17
awards a multi-billion dollar
natural gas pipeline
To either the good company
or the evil one.
I'm in town to meet with
the guy from the evil company.
He's going to try
to buy my vote.
(sneezes)
Can you be bought?
I don't know.
Eric, is that even
connected to anything?
This? No, this is candy.
(electrical surge)
it's not the candy one!
It's not the candy one!
You know what i think?
I think he's waiting
until the very last minute,
And then he's gonna
do the big ask.
Sure, he is.
First, there'll be balloons
in your locker.
Ooh!
Then, people will hand you roses
until you have a big bouquet.
(gasps)
What the?
Keep making things
happen, maya!
Cory: Aah!
Okay, uh... Disco ball?
Music?
(romantic music swells)
Yogi on skates!
Drop a banner,
And then lucas is right there
next to you.
(needle scratch)
-Riley--
-yes, yes!
I would love to go
to the semi-formal with you!
Good. I was hoping you would.
(mimicking narrator)
meet riley,
A swell gal
who finds herself
in quite the pickle!
What will she do?
When we last left our hero,
she said she'd go to the dance
with charlie gardner.
-That's me.
-Oh, charlie.
I can't believe
that you actually said yes.
I waited because i was sure
lucas was gonna ask you,
But when he didn't,
i just figured there
was a problem.
So, i asked you because i think
a girl like you deserves
to be swept off her feet.
Uh-oh.
What do i do?
Are you asking me?
Because if you're asking me,
i say you give me a chance.
Uh-oh.
Charlie, i want to thank you
for the flowers and the banner
and yogi on skates.
Yeah, i had to teach him.
Yogi: Aah!
(bangs into locker)
But there's only so much
time in the day.
I'm so sorry,
but i can't go.
-You can't go with me?
-No, i can't go with anybody.
-I can't go with anybody because
i can't go with anybody
-yes...
-That night because i can't
go anywhere that night
-yes...
Because my parents
have something that night.
What riley will
realize immediately
Is that her father is one of
the chaperones at the dance.
Isn't your dad one of
the chaperones at the dance?
I'm not talking about
those parents.
Well, there's no coming back
from that.
Uh, yes, yes, there is, maya,
Because, see, my dad
is at the dance,
And my mom, my other parent
i was talking about--
-Okay.
-Is also not home that night.
And so i promised her
i would babysit
my little brother, augie,
Because nobody had asked me
to the dance.
I'm so proud of us.
She's obviously had
a good bad influence.
Well, riley's gotten herself
out of this mess,
What could possibly
go wrong now?
Oh, you can't go
to the dance?
Unbelievable!
Well, you two must
have a lot to talk about.
But before i go,
I'd like you both to know
that i don't regret asking her.
I did it because
i know you're the type of person
Who would give up the dance
to help your parents out.
Uh, let me understand this,
you-- you asked riley
to the dance?
I did because, see,
you didn't.
And i'm sorry, but do you need
more than 10 months?
Charlie, you may not
know this,
But riley and i kinda have
an unofficial thing going.
Yeah, but i've been tracking
this thing all year,
And i've seen both sides
of her notebook.
-You let him see
your notebook?
-It was only one time.
So, what happens now?
Guess that'd depend
on riley, wouldn't it?
Close your mouth, riley.
Well, i'll leave
you guys to it.
(applause)
I just naturally assumed
that we were going together.
-What?
-I thought we were
going together.
I'm-- i should have asked.
-What?
-I'm sorry you can't go.
Do it for me.
Unbelievable!
And now this.
Why, agent lachance,
This might just be the start
of the best friendship since...
Jack, who was that guy
i used to know?
What's up, buddy?
-Jack!
-Eric!
-Hey!
-Come on!
How are you doing?
I'm a senator now,
didn't you hear?
No! Yeah, it's the end
of the world.
Haha! Probably.
So-- i mean, what are
you doing here?
What? I need a reason
to see my friend?
So, we're still friends?
'cause i haven't seen you
in a really long time.
Not a day goes by
that your voice still
isn't inside my head.
No matter what i do.
You know what i'm doing
right now? Come on, sit down.
I'm actually
senatoring right now.
Yeah, i'm waiting for some
evil guy from some
evil company
Who's gonna come in and try
to sleaze his way into my pocket
to buy my vote.
Really? Why would
he do that?
Well, because the other company
is really environmentally
conscious,
And they saved
the polar bears,
But the evil company is scum
who turns clean water
into dirty water,
And hires really
good-looking employees
With pocket squares
And hair
that goes "swoosh"...
To hide their company's
evil faces.
You're still
an idiot genius, aren't you?
Jack hunter joined
the peace corps with
rachel mcguire.
She stayed, you left,
and you joined
an evil company,
And you haven't been
the same ever since.
(sneezes)
You know all about me, huh?
I know what all
my friends are doing.
What i don't know is why?
Remember when
we were kids?
And the toughest choice
we had was which one of us
was gonna end up with rachel?
Rachel!
What we never knew was
that life was preparing us
To make the right
decisions later.
But then, you know,
you get a little older.
Grow up,
And face another choice,
And you make
the wrong decision.
Why does that happen?
I don't know, jack.
I wasn't there.
And now i'm in a position
to influence the whole world.
What do you know?
Me too.
I guess the only choice left
is who influences who.
Well, i guess that's up
to us now, isn't it?
Hey, you free tonight?
Yeah, i'm free.
It's new york city.
-What'cha got in mind, buddy?
-Hahaha, don't touch.
Help me.
I got nothing.
Help me!
This one's a doozy.
You've been in here
six hours.
We don't hear
any talking.
The bay window's broken.
What's up?
I got asked
to the semi-formal.
Oh, lucas got
around to it?
No, lucas assumed
we were going.
I got asked
by charlie.
Gardner?
I like him.
Little quiet, so far.
So, why aren't you dressed?
Because i kinda made up
a story and said i couldn't go.
And lucas overheard,
and now sally's in a pickle!
What is that?
What are you doing?
(mimicry continues)
i'm never stopping.
Cheese souffle!
Listen, riley...
I'm disappointed you felt
you had to make up a story.
What's wrong
with charlie?
Nothing. It's just,
he's kinda--
Swell!
I just had this vision
in my head
About how the semi-formal
was supposed to go.
How lucas would ask,
the dress i would wear,
the corsage he would give me.
Riley didn't do
anything wrong.
No?
No.
I think she's just...
Confused about
how she feels.
How am i supposed
to feel, maya?
I like lucas, don't i?
You were me.
How did i feel
when you were me?
What are me and lucas?
Just tell me
what to say.
You know something.
Tell me.
Go to the dance.
I can't.
They're gonna punish me.
Go to the dance.
They're not
gonna punish me.
Actually, we kinda are.
How?
Well, lucas and charlie
are both gonna be at the dance.
You need to face them, riley.
You've got choices
to make.
Oh, boy.
All right, i'll go.
What color
goes with shame?
Riles, look,
big turnout.
Good. Maybe there's a chance
i won't run into either of them.
Oh, this is my punishment.
My parents are smart.
Hi.
Riley, dance?
Absolutely.
No, no, no,
no, no, no, no.
Riley's busy.
I'll dance with you.
That works for me.
You're riley or maya.
I owe you both
an apology.
If we didn't know who
you really are, riley,
then maybe you would.
You don't owe me anything.
So, you guys are both
just gonna let me off the hook?
Mmm... Not really.
Well, then what are
you gonna do?
Well, see, i talked to charlie,
'cause, you know, i thought
he should have known better
than to ask you to this dance.
Yeah, but when i explained
the whole
"10 months, five months,
week before the dance" thing
was kinda disrespectful,
-We decided--
-well, no, charlie.
I think what we came up with
is that it wasn't so much
disrespectful
As it was an assumed
understanding between
my friend riley and me
That we would, you know,
naturally go to
this dance together.
Which is when i said
That the semi-formal deserves
a little extra effort,
Like balloons and roses
and yogi on skates.
Yeah, well...
You know what?
I gotta give you
points for that.
-That was a good one.
-Thanks, man.
After i saw you put her
on a white horse, i knew
i had to bring it.
Yes?
What is going on here?
I really like this guy, riley.
He's all right.
-Yeah, new friendship.
-Thanks to you.
Wait a minute!
What do i do here?
Oh, well, that's
up to you, riley.
Yeah. Why make it
easy for you?
Here we are.
Are you kidding me?
You brought me
to a school dance?
No, jack, i brought you
back in time.
See, look...
There's feeny.
Cory!
-Jack?
-'sup buddy!
-Hey!
How's life treating you?
Well, you know, i'm at
a middle school dance,
and your brother's my date.
So, nothing's changed.
Guys, do you remember?
We used to be
just like them.
I remember us
every day.
What are you guys
doing here?
I wanted to bring him back
to a time when life was
a little less complicated.
I thought it was either gonna be
the front of my notebook
or the back of my notebook,
But now there's another guy,
so i think i'm gonna need
to get a whole new notebook
Because maya won't tell me
how i feel.
Adults have it easy, dad.
All you decide is what's
for dinner and what to put
the thermostat at.
92!
That's why all
the polar bears left.
I'm the one who
global warmed them.
Dad? Wait,
this is your daughter?
-Hi, i'm riley.
-Hi.
Oh, hi, riley,
it's a pleasure to meet you.
What is it like
having a daughter, man?
How do you like
two people differently?
Jack, you wanna know what
it's like having a daughter?
Why don't you
take this one?
Oh, buddy.
Well, um...
Okay, there was once this girl
who had to make a choice
between eric and me.
She liked me
as a boyfriend.
-And she liked me--
-how?
How did she like you?
She liked me
as a brother.
Are you two still friends?
You know what?
I haven't seen her
in a really long time.
Are you two
still friends?
Yeah, we talk all the time.
She and i
are still great friends.
Keep your friends around
as long as you can.
That's the best choice
you can make.
Dad?
Riley, you got
a lot to think about.
Why don't you go
dance with your friends?
Man...
Keeping you around was
always the best choice i ever
made, wasn't it?
Yeah. I gotta go.
Hey, everybody. Hi.
You all helped
to get me elected,
So i wanted to do something
a little bit special for you.
So, ladies and gentlemen,
all the way from kangarootown,
Sheppard.
(cheering)
Hey, guys,
we're sheppard.
Now, everybody grab your dates
and hit the floor!
(rock music plays)
♪ can you feel it? ♪
♪ now it's coming back ♪
♪ we can steal it ♪
♪ if we bridge this gap ♪
♪ i can see you
through the curtains
of the waterfall ♪
♪ so, say geronimo ♪
♪ say geronimo ♪
♪ say geronimo,
say geronimo ♪
♪ say geronimo ♪
♪ say geronimo,
say geronimo ♪
♪ can you feel my love? ♪
♪ bombs away,
bombs away ♪
-Hi.
-Hey.
Why did you assume
we were going to the dance
If we're not
officially together?
I don't know. Why would you
make a big deal about it if
we're not officially together?
Why would you make such
a big deal about me asking her
If you're not
officially together?
Yeah, no, i don't do that.
Why would you be
dancing with me if you're
officially a huckleberry?
No, i'm not dancing with you.
How you doin'?
I hate to break it to you,
cowboy, but you're still
dancing with me,
And riley's dancing
with that guy.
I'm sorry everything didn't
work out as planned, charlie.
Hey, i'm here,
and we're dancing.
-We're all dancing.
-We're all friends.
What else is there
to figure out?
Hi.
Hey.
♪ so, say geronimo ♪
♪ say geronimo ♪
♪ say geronimo,
say geronimo ♪
♪ say geronimo ♪
♪ say geronimo,
say geronimo ♪
♪ say geronimo ♪
♪ can you feel...
(say geronimo, say geronimo) ♪
♪ (say, geronimo, say geronimo)
...My love? ♪
♪ (say geronimo, say geronimo)
bombs away, bombs away ♪
♪ bombs away, bombs away
(say geronimo, say geronimo) ♪
♪ can you feel...
(make this leap) ♪
♪ make this leap ♪
♪ ...My love?
(make this leap) ♪
♪ ooh, ooh, ooh-ooh ♪
♪ make this leap ♪
♪ can you feel... ♪
♪ ...My love? ♪
(cheering and applause)
Hi. I'm senator eric matthews,
And this is my niche, riley.
Hi.
And her friend, mayonnaise.
You're not even
trying anymore.
When i was a kid like them,
There used to be polar bears
all over new york city.
But now, because of
"uh-oh, we broke the earth,"
These bears have been forced
to move to places
Their travel agents told them
were colder,
But aren't anymore.
Help me make
the right decisions.
Let's make the world cold
where it's supposed to be.
It's the warm thing to do.
This message is brought to you
by... My heart.